Create white-spaces.md (#799)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/whitespace/whitespace.md

---
Title: 'Whitespace'

> Description: 'Whitespace is spaces and blank lines in programing.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Whitespace uses horizontal and vertical space characters or blank lines to format code and improve readability.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Formatting'
  - 'Typography'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> In programming, **whitespace** uses horizontal and vertical space characters or blank liens to format code and improve readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In programming, **whitespace** uses horizontal and vertical space characters or blank lines to format code and improve readability.
```
